Add AppImage references (#3342)
CorsixTH/CorsixTH: README.md

You will need the following:

- Grab the latest installer for your system:
   - Windows and macOS builds, and an AppImage for Linux can be downloaded directly from [releases](https://github.com/CorsixTH/CorsixTH/releases).
   - Linux and BSD repositories use either corsixth or corsix-th names [packaged versions](https://repology.org/metapackage/corsixth).
   - A Flatpak for Linux users is available on [Flathub](https://flathub.org/apps/details/com.corsixth.corsixth).
   - A Snap for Linux users is available on [Snapcraft](https://snapcraft.io/corsixth) [(support page)](https://github.com/snapcrafters/corsixth).

>    - An unofficial Enahnced AppImage for Linux is available from [Pkgforge](https://github.com/pkgforge-dev/CorsixTH-AppImage-Enhanced).

Reviewer: ```Suggestion
   - An unofficial Enhanced AppImage for Linux is available from [Pkgforge](https://github.com/pkgforge-dev/CorsixTH-AppImage-Enhanced).
```

Reviewer 2: enhanced how? I'd probably want to know that

Author: It's not clear if it's just branding of it or not

Author: Will probably swap out the word for Anylinux

Author: ```suggestion
   - An unofficial Anylinux AppImage is available from [Pkgforge](https://github.com/pkgforge-dev/CorsixTH-AppImage-Enhanced).
```
